this is strictly in 60 your pocket
rocket whirlwind guide to all the
weekend's action and this week we were
dancing through the decades at were Malu
as well as amazing sets props costumes
and special guests we sawed off first
ends of the series turn some of our
couples continue to stay at the top of
the leaderboard fast efficient fearless
I loved it well others did themselves
proud by reaching new hands however some
of our duo's lost their grip as the
wheels heed pays me to say so but the
bike didn't quite make it all the way to
Spain after the judges scored and the
public voted it was less than Nicky and
Richards had dealt it out in the bottom
two with Richard and Aaron saying
goodbye to strictly